welcome to sequential spelling vol.2
during this lesson i'm going to ask you
to spell several words i will give you a
word then i'll use the word in a
sentence after you hear the word a
second time press the spacebar and write
the word then when you're ready to go on
press the spacebar again to continue
with the lesson let's get started the
first word is chew
do not chew gum inside the building
press the spacebar and spell chew chew
is spelled CH e W if you didn't spell it
correctly press the spacebar and correct
it right now before we go on if you see
an asterisk symbol by a word that means
there is additional information about
the word on this DVD in a PDF file
called footnotes in most cases the words
a homophone in these spelling lists
there are many words that sound the same
but have different spellings depending
on the meaning of the word or how it is
used so listen carefully to the
sentences that are given to make sure
you know which word you're trying to
spell the next word is crew the people
who work on a ship are called its crew
crew crew is spelled crew2 correct your
spelling press the spacebar and do it
right now before we go on the third word
is screw a screw has greater holding
power than a nail screw
screw is spelled SCR II W
do you see the word crew and screw if
you did not spell screw correctly hit
the spacebar and correct it right now
when you correct your spelling do not
leave the misspelled word and then write
the correct word to the side make sure
you erase the word completely and write
it again correctly when you finish you
should have a perfect paper this way
number four is Bru he likes to brew his
own coffee brew brew is spelled BR e W
press pause if you need to rewrite brew
number five is Dru Leonardo drew a
picture of Mona drew drew is spelled dr
e w this is the end of the lesson you
may want to have someone else
double-check your words to make sure you
haven't overlooked any errors